hunting on land spinosaurus is also
forced into direct competition with any
large predators living in the same
environment and here that can only mean
one animal
Carcharodontosaurus
contests over carcasses are common
but outcomes of such fights are far from
guaranteed risk of injury for big
animals is acute
modern Komodo dragons are often killed
in fights over carcasses more than three
meters longer Spinosaurus has signs and
power on its side
but Carcharodontosaurus have the morning
so back
this time the spinosaurus triumphed
but the balance of power between these
two deadly killers is a precarious one
in 2008 a spinosaurus vertebra was
recovered part of the tall neural spine
of the bone was broken off it appeared
to have been bitten in half it's been
suggested that the bite was inflicted by
carcharodontosaurus Spinosaurus was the
last and the largest of the fish eating
dinosaurs but ultimately these
specialists were doomed something way
beyond their control calls their
downfall 94 million years ago the
climate changed global sea levels began
to rise the swamps and rivers that
Spinosaurus thrived in gradually were
lost with their loss Spinosaurus is
specialism became a vulnerability
and the biggest predator ever known to a
walk the earth
disappeared